1976 Ronaldo
1971 Jada Pinkett Smith
1961 James Gandolfini
1905 Greta Garbo
1709 Samuel Johnson
George Floyd, an unarmed African American man, was killed during an arrest in Minneapolis, Minnesota, setting off massive protests around the country and generating greater support for the Black Lives Matter movement; police officer Derek Chauvin was later convicted of his murder. What inspired the formation of the Black Lives Matter movement?Maddie Meyer/Getty Images News
The last episode of The Oprah Winfrey Show aired; the long-running TV program had helped make Winfrey one of the richest and most influential women in the United States. Sort fact from fiction in our quiz about famous AmericansEvan Agostini/Getty Images
George Lucas's space opera film Star Wars (later known as Star Wars: Episode IV—New Hope) was released, launching one of the most successful and influential franchises in motion picture history. How much do you know about the original Star Wars trilogy?Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation
Midnight Cowboy was released in theatres, and the drama, which starred Jon Voight and Dustin Hoffman, went on to become the only X-rated film to win the Academy Award for best picture. Test your knowledge of the Academy AwardsCourtesy of United Artists Corporation
In a speech before Congress, U.S. President John F. Kennedy committed the United States to land a man on the Moon by the end of the decade; the goal was achieved with Apollo 11 in 1969. Take our space exploration quiz© Arthur Rickerby—Black Star/PNI
ʿAbdullāh I, ruler of Transjordan, proclaimed himself king. Test your knowledge of kings and emperorsEncyclopædia Britannica, Inc.
American baseball player Babe Ruth hit the 714th and last home run of his career; he retired later that year. Find out where Babe Ruth ranks on our list of the 10 greatest baseball players of all timeUPI/Bettmann Archive
American track-and-field standout Jesse Owens set three world records and equaled one other at a meet in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Take our quiz about track and fieldAP
The trial of acclaimed Irish writer Oscar Wilde ended with him being found guilty of “committing acts of gross indecency with certain male persons”; he was sentenced to two years of hard labour. Test your knowledge of English and Irish playwrights
Aircraft designer Igor Sikorsky, who successfully developed the helicopter, was born in Kiev, Ukraine, Russian Empire. How much do you know about aircraft and aviation?Courtesy of Sikorsky Aircraft
American entertainer Bill (“Bojangles”) Robinson, best known for his dancing roles with Shirley Temple in films of the 1930s, was born in Richmond, Virginia. Take our quiz about danceHulton Archive/Getty Images
Having severed ties with Spain and the viceregal government, the municipal council of Buenos Aires established an autonomous government. Sort fact from fiction in our quiz about South AmericaEncyclopædia Britannica, Inc.
